You can download the apk version
Tivimate.apk

Reliable source
[https://moddroid.com/tivimate-iptv-player.html]

Below Note source is pick from moddroid.com
Nowadays, almost all homes own expensive LCD TVs, and they are of high quality and give users a variety of options when using various services from many Internet distributors. One of those services is IPTV, which stands for Internet Protocol TV, a type of service for users to access the Internet through LCD TV. Typically, users will have to install a receiver, a small thing that provides Internet services to the TV, and will come with a remote for the user to input data or switch channels. However, not everyone has the conditions to use such a service, so that they will look for IPTV emulation applications right on their smartphones or tablets. Although the quality of service and the number of channels is not equal to using the original IPTV, those applications still provide the same experience for users.

tivimate-iptv-player-premium

One of the applications that can emulate the IPTV service for a user is TiviMate IPTV Player of TiviMate. It is a mobile application developed to provide users with IPTV provider services right on their devices without having to use LCD TV. However, the application has its limitations, and cannot match a high-quality IPTV service, but it can connect users to international channels. If you are looking for entertainment programs, drama series, and funny videos on YouTube, TVMate is ready to serve you.
A FRIENDLY AND ACCESSIBLE USER-INTERFACE

Almost all IPTV users are familiar with their interface via TV. Each IPTV service distributor will have a separate user interface, and they are also user-friendly for users to quickly get used to. The same goes for TiviMate, as it has a user-friendly interface, is familiar, and has the simplest possible layout. Furthermore, the application also has hundreds of separate categories, with hundreds of different features for users to interact with IPTV content. Users can use simple actions, such as tap, swipe, and hold to bring up the menu list to assist users in analyzing the applications on the screen. Through the application settings, users can personalize the interface, such as changing colors, layout, controls, and more for the best user experience.

tivimate-iptv-player-premium-1
SYNCH YOUR IPTV TO YOUR ANDROIDS

If users use any IPTV service, then they can connect to Android through simple steps. Of course, the application will come with basic instructions for users to connect to IPTV through Android. Once connected, users can view all the content and channels provided by the local IPTV distributor. Users can watch international channels through this app, all for free, and can watch anytime, anywhere in their home.
SEARCH AND CATCH UP YOUR FAVORITE SHOWS

Once connected to IPTV, the user’s device will become a mini-TV, but easier to operate thanks to its console. Users can access any channel they want, follow the TV shows, and even search for or catch up on their favorite series. Everything that IPTV has for TV will be available on Android for users to enjoy the best user experience with IPTV. What’s even more interesting is that users can schedule showtimes through the app, interact with playlists, and perform many other actions right on their Android. All that a user can do on TV will become simpler on Android, even more convenient and flexible thanks to the interoperability of the application.

tivimate-iptv-player-premium-1-1
CUSTOMIZE YOUR INTERFACE

If users enjoy IPTV service on LCD TVs, they will need remote controls to control and operate basic TV functions, such as volume, changing channels, and more. But if the user uses TiviMate, then everything will be done by touching the screen. Yes, all remote functions will be displayed on the screen through the interactive buttons. Users can hide or show the console, and easily change programs, adjust volume, change image colors, and more. The app also allows users to personalize controls, like their size, position, and color. Of course, the user can change specific special actions to display the console, like pinch and slide in any direction.

tivimate-iptv-player-premium-1-1-1

TiviMate is an application that helps users connect to IPTV and turns them into a mini-TV for users to carry them around in their home. Users do not need to use a cable to connect, as they can easily connect wirelessly to the IPTV provider. In short, with this application, users can enjoy all the IPTV services conveniently and comfortably right on their Android devices.
